Website gcp deploy guide (#30373)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/deploy-fleet-on-gcp.md

- Appropriate IAM service accounts and permissions

## Prerequisites

1. [Terraform](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform) version ~> 1.11.
2. [Google Cloud SDK](https://cloud.google.com/sdk) installed and configured.
3. GCP account & permissions:
    - A Google Cloud organization ID.
    - A billing account ID.
    - Credentials configured for Terraform to interact with GCP. This typically means running   gcloud auth application-default login with a user account that has:
    - Organization administrator or folder creator & project creator roles at the organization/  folder level (for the project-factory module).
    - Billing account user role on the billing account.
    - Once the project is created, subsequent applies for resources within the project will   generally require owner or editor on the provisioned project.
    - Alternatively, use a service account with appropriate permissions.
4. Registered domain name: You will need a domain name that you can manage DNS records for. This project will create a Cloud DNS Managed Zone for this domain (or a subdomain).
5. (Optional) Fleet license key: If you have a Fleet Premium license, you can provide it.

## Configuration

> 1.  [Clone the repository](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet-terraform/tree/e8d559ecba80ab35cb8014212f5bd0a22b545618/gcp) or ensure you have all the files. Alternatively, you can consume the project as a module. Below is a minimal example of how to declare the module in your Terraform configuration:

Author: @edwardsb, I took a punt at what you were asking for with your change request. Is this correct?

> 1.  [Clone the repository](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet-terraform/tree/e8d559ecba80ab35cb8014212f5bd0a22b545618/gcp) or ensure you have all the files. Alternatively, you can consume the project as a module. Below is a minimal example of how to declare the module in your Terraform configuration:

Author: ```suggestion
1.  [Clone the repository](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet-terraform/tree/e8d559ecba80ab35cb8014212f5bd0a22b545618/gcp) or consume the entire project as a Terraform module. Below is a minimal example of how to declare the module in your Terraform configuration:
```
